#summary dropbox-index usage information
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

Creates index.html for directory contents shared publicly on [https://www.dropbox.com/referrals/NTY5ODQzOQ Dropbox]. That way you can easily share whole content of the directory without the need to send separate links for all the shared files.


= Download =

Check the [http://code.google.com/p/kosciak-misc/downloads/list Downloads] section or checkout the source from Subversion repository using
{{{
svn checkout http://kosciak-misc.googlecode.com/svn/python/dropbox-index/trunk/ dropbox-index
}}}


= Requirements =

Script was tested on Linux but should work on all operating systems with *Python <= 2.6 installed*. Users have informed that it runs on Windows with Activestate's ActivePython 2.6 and on MacOSX.

Generated {{{index.html}}} pages were tested on Linux with Chrome 4.x, Firefox 3.0.x, and Opera 10.x 

= Usage =

Just run this Python script with directory as an argument (and add -R as an option if you want to include subdirectories)
{{{
Usage: dropbox-index.py [options] <directory>

Options:
  -h, --help            Show help message and exit.
  -V, --version         print version information
  -R, --recursive       Include subdirectories (disabled by default).
  -T, --template <file> Use HTML file as template.


Example: 
./dropbox-index.py -R -T template.html ~/Dropbox/Public/show
}}}
Script will generate {{{index.html}}} for directory (and subdirectories if run in recursive mode). Hidden files on Linux (filename starting with '.') are automatically omited.

If a directory contains a file with {{{dir-info}}} in it's name ({{{dir-name,  dir-name.txt, dir-name.html}}}, - all these names are valid) the contents of the file will be used in the {{{index.html}}} as and additional information about directory content.

From version 0.4 you can click on the table's headings to sort files by name, size, or date (in ascending and descending order).

*ATTENTION!* Script will overwrite any existing index.html file without asking for permission!


= Template =

Templates can be used to generate custom {{{index.html}}} files. Selected template is uded to generate all pages, including subdirectories if the script is run i recursive mode.

Templates are just regular HTML files. CSS styles and JavaScript code will be automatically inject. The table with the files list will be injected in place of {{{%(FILES)s}}}

You can use (names are *case sensitive!*):
  * {{{%(FILES)s}}} - must be included or the files list won't be injected!
  * {{{%(FAVICON)s}}} - place it inside {{{<head>}}} if you want Dropbox-favicon to be used
  * {{{%(ENCODING)s}}} - system encoding identified by the script
  * {{{%(PATH)s}}} - name of the directory
  * {{{%(DIR_INFO)s}}} - place for additional directory information (from {{{dir-info}}} files


= Screenshot =

Just check the shared folder containing icons and screenshot:

[http://dl.dropbox.com/u/69843/dropbox-index/index.html http://dl.dropbox.com/u/69843/dropbox-index/screenshot/dropbox-index.png]


= Icons =

I have used icons from [http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/ famfamfam's "Silk" icon set]


= Authors =

  * [http://kosciak.blox.pl/ Wojciech 'KosciaK' Pietrzok]
  * Tommy MacWilliam - introduced template system

= Changelog =

0.4.1
  * minor bugfix - fixed invalid script's homepage url (thanks RooToor!)

0.4
  * added template system

0.3
  * added sorting of files using jQuery
  * added dir-info 

0.2.1
  * small bugfix for Chrome browser

0.2
  * code cleanup
  * CSS tweaks
  * filetype recognition and different icons for different filetypes groups

0.1
  * initial release